python sdk 1.6.4 release notes added (#7447)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

### Python SDK

#### Version 1.6.4

**Fixed issues**:

>  - Fixed an issue where SDK dependencies, `tenacity` and `typing_extensions`, were pinned to fixed versions, which would make integration with the SDK impossible. (FFM-11770, ZD-66342)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where SDK dependencies, `tenacity` and `typing_extensions`, were pinned to fixed versions, which could make integration with the SDK impossible if different versions are specified in an application or its dependencies. (FFM-11770, ZD-66342)
```
